Hi, everyone! Welcome, or welcome back, to my channel. Today, we’re going to talk about a topic that's been on my mind for some time: online gatherings versus the classic in-person meetups. I have had a lot more meet-ups online since the start of the pandemic, and though it was a hassle at the beginning, now that it’s over, I wonder: should we actually go back to meeting in-person? After thinking on it for a bit, I came to the conclusion that in-person gatherings are superior to online and that we should try our best to go back to it. Let me tell you why.
Firstly, online meetings just don’t give you the same feeling of real connection between humans. I think the best example for this is a concert. Before the pandemic, I went to a concert of a k-pop boy group, SuperM, here in Vancouver. The energy was off the chart! Just being among other people who are passionate about the same thing as you, hearing their screams and roars and singing along – it was so wild and powerful and just, electric. And I also scream my lungs off, even though you guys know I’m not the type to normally scream, but that’s what being among other people, being in a real place with a real atmosphere, can do to me.
Another example I can think of for human connection is with my family. So, my parents and I live in different countries, and we try to keep in-touch with video calls. But it’s just not the same, you know? Not that I’m not grateful we have video calls. It’s helpful, but it cannot replace the real thing. The real interactions. I can have dinner at the same time that my parents have lunch while we’re both on Zoom, but it’s never going to be the same as actually eating at the same table, where I can pass them the salt and in return, they let me have a taste of their dishes. I think, if we get too used to Zoom calls, we may think, Oh, I don’t really need to go home, we already meet all the time. But it’s not the same. If you don’t believe me, go and schedule an in-person meet-up with your loved ones and you’ll remember how beautiful it is to have real human connections.
Building on this, I also want to point out that meeting people in-person allows for a much more complex conversation, because you have all these sensory and cues that can’t be captured through online meetings. The easiest example is probably eye contact. You can’t really meet someone’s eyes through the camera. You either have to look at the camera or at the image of the other person on the screen, but you can’t look at both at the same time. So, there’s no way you can make eye contact. Which means you can’t communicate many subtle emotions or intentions. Body language is another subtle cue that can’t be captured very well in an online setting. Usually you see only people’s faces, at most their upper body. But maybe their legs are bouncing anxiously below the camera, and you’d never know. And of course, all this becomes harder when you’re in a group meeting or gathering. Have you ever tried to speak up in an online group meeting, only for another person to speak up at the same time? That happens to me all the time, when it barely happens at all in in-person meetings. It’s just so hard to tell what everybody is thinking and doing online. It makes everything awkward and eventually makes me not want to really talk anymore.
Anyway, that’s all I want to talk about today. It’s a pretty quick rant, but I’m sure you can relate, right? Or if you don’t relate, let me know in the comments. I know some people want to keep things online, and I’d like to hear why because honestly I can’t think of a good reason for it. If you like this video, don’t forget to like and subscribe. And I’ll see you again soon with a new video. Bye! 
