Hi, everyone! Welcome, or welcome back, to my channel. Today, we’re going to talk about a topic that's been on my mind for some time: online gatherings versus the classic in-person meetups. I have had a lot more meet-ups online since the start of the pandemic, and though it was a hassle at the beginning, now that it’s over, I wonder: should we actually go back to meeting in-person? After thinking on it for a bit, I came to the conclusion that online gatherings are superior to in-person and that we should stick to it. Let me tell you why.
Firstly, we can meet people from all around the world online. I live in Vancouver, which is nice and all, but the big artists like Taylor Swift never hold a concert here. Authors that I like never do book launches or book signing events here. I used to see pictures of people attending all these events in-person and I was so jealous! Like, it’s not that I can’t afford the ticket, but if I would have to pay for so much bus fare and plane fare on top of the ticket, and maybe even book hotels and urgh! it’s just not feasible. But, you know what happened when the pandemic hit? Every event is suddenly online. There are online concerts, where you can actually turn on the camera and show your face to the artist performing. And a little bonus point is that some of these online concerts have special AR effects that they overlay on the artist and the stage, which is just impossible to do in real life. Just look at these pictures. Aren’t they just gorgeous? There are also online book launch events, where I get to listen to my favorite authors talking, even though it means I have to get up really early because that author is in England. Australian authors are a bit more convenient since they usually hold the events at early evening PST time. Anyway, I can’t count on one hand how many events I’ve attended since everything is moved online. Events that I wasn’t able to attend before when they were in-person. It was a dream come true! Anyway, now, there aren’t that many online events anymore, since they’re trying to get things back to in-person. But please. Please! Keep at least some of it online for a poor, broke, grad student like me.
But online meetings aren’t only superior for events happening far away. It’s also more convenient for events that are in my city. From my house to my university, it takes about one hour, which is about 20 minutes walking and 40 minutes on the bus. By the time I get to the university, my brain has been shaken into a smoothie and I have no energy left to work. Then, commuting back home takes another hour. And this city being Vancouver, it rains, like, all the time. Can you imagine going through all that to get home? I’m usually so tired I can’t even bother to cook and just eat cereal for dinner, not to mention doing homework. Tragic, I know. Anyway, it all got better since the pandemic, because all the class and lab meetings have been moved online! I can wake up at 9:50, instead of at 8, for a meeting at 10. And maybe you math-y people will say, “hey, that’s not one hour” and you’re right, it’s not, because Zoom has this beauty function that can smooth out your face pores so you also save the time for putting on make-ups. In total, that’s almost 2 more precious hours for sleeping. It’s so convenient and comfortable. And my productivity has definitely gone up a lot too. I simply can’t see a reason for moving it back to in-person at all.
Anyway, that’s all I want to talk about today. It’s a pretty quick rant, but I’m sure you can relate, right? Or if you don’t relate, let me know in the comments. I know some people are really excited about going back to in-person, and I’d like to hear why because honestly I can’t think of a good reason for it. If you like this video, don’t forget to like and subscribe. And I’ll see you again soon with a new video. Bye!
