Hi, everyone! Welcome, or welcome back, to my channel. Today, we’re going to talk about a topic that's been on my mind for some time: should we tip or not? 
Do you tip? I do tip, yes, but only the minimum, because I don’t really want to tip. As we’ve established in every single one of my videos, I’m broke, okay? So, last time when I had to go to the airport, I started thinking about this really seriously: Does this Uber driver who drives me to the airport really need my tip to sustain their living or are they already way richer than me? They’re driving a Tesla after all. Is this even the right reason to consider tipping or not tipping? 
After thinking about it for a bit, I came to the conclusion that we shouldn’t tip. And it’s not just because I’m broke, although, well, it’s not not about that either. But I’m getting ahead of myself. Let me try to break it down for you.
First point, why do we tip some people and not others? For example, the servers at McDonald's don't get tips, but the barista sometimes expects a tip just for handing me an empty cup to fill on my own. And it’s not just about types of business, you know? I’ve seen my friend tip a waitress more than usual because she was pretty. At the surface level, it sounds pretty harmless, right? But I think it materializes your discrimination. Because how do you judge who’s pretty? Skin color, body types, age, all those things come into play, and suddenly it’s not really about the service anymore. If you tip like that, then you’re encouraging the business to hire a certain type of people and you make the discrimination problem more severe, yes, just by being generous with an extra 10 dollars. 
So, which service workers should get tips? If I want to be a fair person, do I need to tip every single service worker I come across? Do I have to tip my professor after every lecture and every research meeting? It just doesn’t make sense, because where do we stop? We can no longer draw a line. So, I figure that the only way I can be fair to everyone is to tip no one. It sounds a bit sad, but it’s logical if you think about it.
Second point, there’s an argument I’ve heard quite often about tipping which is that it ensures workers get paid minimum wage. Basically, they mean that the wage they get is below the minimum wage and the tip fills it up. But, like, should the business still operate if it can’t afford the minimum wage for its workers? To all the business owners out there, please just put this on the price tag. Why are you putting the pressure on me and your worker to calculate how much I need to add on and be responsible for something you or your accountant should work out and set a proper standard? If you do it and still can’t cover the wage, then, I don’t know, maybe your business shouldn’t survive. But don’t try to shield yourself from responsibility with the tips!
Anyway, that’s all I want to talk about today. It’s a pretty quick rant, but I’m sure you can relate, right? Or if you don’t relate, let me know in the comments. I know that tipping is essential to our current system and the livelihood of many people, but I really believe that in an ideal world, businesses and service workers should be able to make a living without any tipping. Anyway, if you’re not convinced, I’d like to hear why because honestly I can’t think of a good reason to tip, at least not a long-term one. And if you like this video, don’t forget to like and subscribe. I’ll see you again soon with a new video. Bye!
