Hi, everyone! Welcome, or welcome back, to my channel. Today, we’re going to talk about a topic that's been on my mind for some time: should we tip or not? 
Do you tip? I do tip, yes, but only the minimum, because I don’t really want to tip. As we’ve established in every single one of my videos, I’m broke, okay? So, last time when I had to go to the airport, I started thinking about this really seriously: Does this Uber driver who drives me to the airport really need my tip to sustain their living or are they already way richer than me? They’re driving a Tesla after all. Is this even the right reason to consider tipping or not tipping? 
After thinking about it for a bit, I came to the conclusion that we should still tip. And yes, I’m saying this even though I’m broke. So, let me try to break it down for you.
Firstly, I just think that good deeds should be rewarded. So, I went to this restaurant. One time I went there and I was served by this waiter who was super nice and helpful. They remembered all the orders, and always came around to refill the water for me. I was very impressed and had a great time. So, I went there again, but I was served by a different waiter. I don’t know if they were new or had some other problems at that time, but they messed up our order twice and when my glass was empty, it took me 10 minutes to catch their attention and ask for more water. Can you imagine that they get the same wage? Is it fair that they get the same amount of money even though one of them under-performs that much? By tipping the first waiter more than the second, I send a signal that I appreciate the good service. And if the waiters somehow compare their tips after hours, they should realize that their performance matters. They won’t be rewarded by doing just the bare minimum. I think my tip makes it fair, and I’m sure that the first waiter agrees with me.
And the signal doesn’t just go to the workers, you know? I’m pretty sure it also goes to the business owners. The owner of the restaurant might not be able to monitor all their staff all the time. But they can use the tips they receive as a measure to gauge their performance. So, doing a good job doesn’t just give you the tip one time, but it means your boss wants to keep you and the standard of your workplace is high.
One last point I want to make, though, is that I understand where the concerns about tipping are coming from. Sometimes tipping can seem unfair. Maybe some people tip based on a worker’s appearance rather than their service. Sometimes the business owners can lower their worker’s wage if they think the tip can cover it. And I’m not saying those things are acceptable. We shouldn’t use tipping to foster discrimination or to let business owners get away with not paying their workers. But not tipping is not the way to solve it, guys. To solve these problems, we should tip more smartly and try to create a more inclusive tipping culture. And the law around wage and tipping should be better regulated. Saying “oh, there’s some problem with tipping, so I’m not going to tip anymore” is not addressing the root cause of the problem, and you’re hurting many good service workers in the process, too.
Anyway, that’s all I want to talk about today. It’s a pretty quick rant, but I’m sure you can relate, right? Or if you don’t relate, let me know in the comments. I know that tipping culture has its own problems and a lot of people try to take advantage of it, but at its heart, tipping is just about appreciation and generosity. I really believe that in an ideal world, tipping can make things fairer instead of the other way around. Anyway, if you’re not convinced, I’d like to hear why. And if you like this video, don’t forget to like and subscribe. I’ll see you again soon with a new video. Bye!
